[Music]
fifteen exercises to get in shape in two
weeks do you already have the body of
your dreams or are you still on the way
to it do you feel it's high time for you
to start exercising we at bright side
want to encourage you to begin working
on your dream body today so shall we
start let's try these 15 simple
exercises don't stop watching while
performing the exercises Weil count
[Music]
exercise number 15 side lateral raise
stand with a straight torso and squeeze
your shoulder blades together put your
legs together hold the dumbbells by your
side at arm's length with the palms of
the hands facing inwards slightly bend
the elbows and lift the dumbbells the
highest point is its shoulder level
maintain the torso in a stationary
position exhale as you lift the hands up
if you don't have ordinary workout
dumbbells you can use small bottles of
water instead let's try to do it for a
start you should do almost each exercise
for 30 seconds here is your half minute
start every workout with a 15 to 20
minute warm-up session it prepares your
body muscles for the upcoming exercises
which helps avoid injuries shoulder and
arm workouts will help you create lean
biceps traps anterior and middle heads
of the deltoids these groups of muscles
support cervical vertebrae and therefore
negate the main effect of office worker
disease osteochondrosis
only a few seconds left three two one
well done let's move on to the next one
exercise number fourteen dumbbell bicep
curl stand with a straight torso and
squeeze your shoulder blades together
keep your feet together hold your
weights and lift your elbows squeeze
maintain the torso in a stationary
position exhale as you lift the weights
let's start
here's another half minute this exercise
has basic movements but very high
effectiveness it will help your
shoulders and arms look accurate and fit
if you perform this exercise on a
regular basis you will see great changes
in your body in a couple of weeks
[Music]
three-two-one done it wasn't that hard
was it ready for the next exercise
exercise number 13 alternating arms lie
down and keep your knees in a half bent
position take the weights and alternate
arms make sure your weights don't touch
the floor one palm is facing down the
other one is facing up exhale and inhale
freely while alternating arms lie down
with your knees half bent this exercise
takes about 30 seconds ready set go
did you know that people tend to guess
the age of a woman by judging the state
of her neck and chest area this set of
exercises will help to tone your chest
muscles effectively and quickly
[Music]
good job shall we move on exercise 12
dumbbell press and dumbbell fly lie down
and keep your knees in a half bent
position take your dumbbells perform a
dumbbell press with one arm and a
dumbbell fly with the other one
alternate arms and when you're done with
one set change hands and repeat exhale
when lifting your hand as usual you have
30 seconds to accomplish the exercise
take your time and control your
breathing
take your dumbbells perform a dumbbell
press with one arm and a dumbbell fly
with the other one alternate arms left
right left right
[Music]
great can you already feel the
difference ready for the next one
[Music]
exercise number 11 dumbbell bent over
row place one leg on a chair bend your
torso forward and place your hand on the
chair for support your upper body is
parallel to the floor look straight down
pull your weight straight up to the side
of your chest keeping your arm close to
your side and keeping the torso
stationary lower the weight straight
down to the starting position exhale as
you pull the weights up here your thirty
Seconds let's start include these
exercises in your workout to prevent
problems with your spine and posture
performing this set of exercises such as
dumbbell rows and swings will keep your
back young and healthy
[Music]
yes you did it
tired shall we continue exercise number
lunge dumbbell row perform a lunge and
place one arm on the leg make sure your
back is straight look straight down pull
your weights straight up to the side of
your chest keeping your upper arm close
to your side and keeping the torso
stationary lower the weights straight
down to the starting position exhale as
you pull the weights up your thirty
Seconds started remember that if you
start feeling exhausted you can always
pause the video and take a break
keep in mind the correct breathing is
important
[Music]
there you are perfect exercise number
nine dumbbell swing on the floor get on
all fours with one dumbbell in your hand
your upper body is parallel to the floor
look straight down pull your dumbbell to
the side of your chest with your elbows
slightly bent and with your palm facing
the floor exhale when performing swing
your next thirty Seconds have started
this is the last exercise for your back
muscles if you feel any tension in your
back you should immediately stop it how
you doing there
remember that it's possible to make
great progress exercising independently
without a personal trainer probably this
one was a little tough huh
[Music]
great need exercise exercise number
eight crunches lie on the floor with
your back flat and knees bent
put your hands beside your head look
straight in front of you and make sure
your chin doesn't touch the chest area
throw your upper body forward and bring
your shoulder blades just off the floor
exhale as you perform the crunch ready
set go
now it's time to get rid of the belly
fat if you feel insecure about your
abdominal muscles these classic
exercises will be of great help a couple
of minutes a day and soon you'll be able
to show off your great abs
[Music]
sweating it's actually good take a deep
breath and continue exercise number
seven leg raises lie on the floor with
your back flat and your legs extended in
front of you place your hands under your
glutes with your palms down raise and
lower your legs without touching the
floor exhale as you raise your legs
here's another half minute we all know
this exercise well it's probably the
hardest to perform but we bet you will
like the result you okay over there
[Music]
two whole three two one done you're
amazing ready to continue exercise
number six three-quarter situps
[Music]
lie on the floor with your back flat and
knees bent keep your hands in front of
you look straight in front of you and
make sure your chin doesn't touch the
chest area raise your torso towards your
knees and exhale take the initial
position and go this one is also not
easy let's see how you can do it make
sure you're doing the exercise properly
this is the exercise of very high
effectiveness however if you feel any
pain in your back stop it and move on to
the next exercise
but we're sure you're okay and enjoying
it aren't you
now how tired are you on a scale of one
to ten
[Music]
it's time for the next exercise exercise
number five air bike lie on the floor
with your back flat
put your hands beside your head make
sure your chin doesn't touch the chest
area perform a cycle pedal motion
picking forward with one leg and
bringing in the lee of the other leg
bring your right elbow close to your
left knee by crunching to the side don't
touch the floor exhale as you change
legs shall we start that is another
widespread exercise we all remember it
from our childhood imagine as if you're
riding a bike you like to ride a bike by
the way don't touch the floor
[Music]
well done we only have several exercises
left here's the next one
exercise number four jump lunge stand
with the straight torso use your arms to
assist in performing a jump look
straight in front of you
when performing lunges make sure your
knees stay behind your feet
make sure the back standing leg leans on
the foot exhale as you land ready to
jump this exercise requires fifteen
seconds only one to start them you're
doing great do you remember about the
proper breathing inhale exhale inhale
exhale only a few seconds left three two
one you did it we bet you're already
exhausted or are you not exercise number
three
bend over leg swings place your hands on
a chair for support keep your back
straight look straight down swing your
leg up until it's parallel to the floor
keep the torso stationary exhale as you
raise your leg well this one's a little
easier can you do it ten times start now
legs and buttocks are probably the most
important part of the body losing weight
in such problem areas as the legs
buttocks and hips is the most popular
issue in women's fitness the beginner
level exercises like jumps swings and
squats are pretty effective perfect
we're almost there just a couple more
exercises exercise number two
squat and reverse side lunges stand with
a straight torso keep your arms in front
of you when performing squats make sure
your knees stay aligned with the feet
when performing lunges your leg goes
backward and side where your knees don't
touch the floor exhale as you finish one
squat and one lunch can you do this one
ten times as well we know you can as you
advance you can include more complicated
techniques and heavier weights in your
workout programs these exercises are
great for your hamstrings quads the
muscles which unbend the knee joint and
glutes plus they train your whole body
so do include them in your daily workout
your great
[Music]
exercise number one kneel to stand
emphasis on the heel when lifting keep
the dumbbells fixed on the shoulders
keep the torso straight keep your knees
and a half bent position all the time
return to the starting position with the
leg that started the exercise exhale as
you stand up you should do it at least
ten times as well
go as soon as your body is used to the
optimal amount of exercise for different
groups of muscles you can switch to the
whole body workout programs keep up your
hard work be proud of every new
achievement and stay positive and
motivated
there you are
perfect do you know any other useful
exercises share them together with your
results in the comments and please hit
the like button below the video
[Music]